[CCC-752] Document account filtering not being supported for Recommendations / tag suggestions (#29080)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloud_cost_management/aws.md

Using Account Filtering requires an AWS management account. You can configure account filters during setup and after an account has been configured in Cloud Cost Management.

> **Note:** account filters are not yet supported for Recommendations or tag suggestions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Account filters are not supported for Recommendations or tag suggestions.
```

> **Note:** Accounts that are filtered out, and their related tags, will currently still show up in Recommendations and tag search.

Reviewer: Hi @jhassan124, for documentation, it's best practice to avoid temporal language or language that implies future features. If the point you want to get across is that something is not supported, I recommend using the original note "**Note:** Account filters are not supported for Recommendations or tag suggestions". However if this is to let customer know about unexpected behavior, then I recommend the following:

```suggestion
**Note:** Accounts that are filtered out, along with their related tags, may still appear in Recommendations and tag search results.
```
